the head of Israel's military says its
ground operation has begun in southern
Gaza and that it will be no less
powerful than the offensive in the north
an adviser to Israel's prime minister
told the BBC today that Israel was
making the maximum effort he said to
avoid killing civilians the Hamas run
Health Ministry says 15 and a half
thousand people have now been killed in
Gaza since the start of this latest
conflict Lost Boys Brothers looking for
their
[Music]
father my dad's been killed I swear my
dad's been
killed they're lost in the mighty
Vengeance promised by Israel then they
found their father and brother were
[Music]
dead the strike filmed by a freelance
journalist destroyed the home of the Abu
Aida family in jabalia Northern
Gaza these are the latest Israeli army
pictures they're pushing forward into
Southern Gaza the American defense
secretary says he's warned Israel
repeatedly that if its troops don't stop
killing so many Palestinians they will
drive civilians into the arms of Hamas
turning a tactical Victory into a
strategic
defeat inh Yunis civilian casualties are
overwhelming the hospital Israel insists
civilians are getting warnings and time
to get to designated safe areas a un
official on the spot says that's not
happening everything's broken down the
war on children has resumed and and with
a ferocity at least here in southern
Gaza that has not been seen before
during this war another narrative that
is so dangerous this idea of that we
will
not what happened in the North will not
be allowed to happen in the South well I
can bear witness to it's happening on
the West Bank the village of kowad benih
Hassen was mourning ammed Mustafa Assi
local people said he was killed last
night by armed Israelis from a nearby
Jewish
settlement Palestinians said Jewish
settlers entered the village late on
Saturday afternoon protected by the
Israel army settlers they said open fire
when local men rushed to stop them
burning cars and a
house it was dark by the time they found
the body of Ahmed Mustafa AI
they prepared the father of six for
burial attacks by Jewish settlers on
Palestinians are repeatedly condemned by
the Americans British and other allies
of
Israel around noon after the funeral the
men of the village paid their respects
to Ahmed ai's
family settler violence against
Palestinians has risen sharply since
Hass attacked on October the 7th it is
rarely prosecuted
among the mourners was the Dead Man's
eldest son n the settlers are violently
opposed to a Palestinian State alongside
Israel and they have powerful allies in
the Israeli
government the lack of security has
helped them act like this saidman amed's
brother the Army at protecting them not
stopping them but the future will be
good as God promised us this land is
ours this country is ours he said Lu one
thing's come out very strongly in the
last couple of days of talking to
Palestinians in the West
Bank something has changed since October
the 7th the settlers are more aggressive
they're better armed and they're pushing
harder the increase in violence is a
direct result of the Gaza War making
international protests that the
settlements are illegal even less
important to those who believe God gave
this land to the Jews you speak a lot of
about the law the law okay the
international law it's not exist here
because Arabs all the time break the
international law what about all these
videos of young men settlers with guns
intimidating Palestinians we not happy
to carry
weapons okay don't like weapons but if
we not carry weapons
destroyed us the Arabs destroyed all
the all the Jewish people after this war
the Americans want an independent
Palestinian State alongside Israel to
secure the future the rising violence in
the West Bank shows that might be
impossible Jeremy bone BBC News
Jerusalem